The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago; the second best time is now.
What we think, we become.
The obstacle is the way.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Well begun is half done.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; make it hot by striking.
The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Slow and steady wins the race.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Fortune favors the bold.
The early bird catches the worm.
Actions speak louder than words.
Look before you leap.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Still waters run deep.
Better late than never.
Many hands make light work.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Honesty is the best policy.
Practice makes perfect.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Two heads are better than one.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
You can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Good things come to those who wait.
Necessity knows no law.
Adversity introduces a man to himself.
Doubt is the origin of wisdom.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance.
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Courage is grace under pressure.
The wound is the place where the light enters you.
And once the storm is over, you won't remember how you made it through.
First say to yourself what you would be, and then do what you have to do.
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
